{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Medium;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-MediumItalic;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 .AppleColorEmojiUI;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red41\green41\blue41;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red57\green57\blue57;\red0\green0\blue0;\red242\green242\blue242;\red10\green10\blue10;\red109\green109\blue109;
\red39\green91\blue211;\red26\green202\blue163;\red42\green132\blue211;\red166\green166\blue166;\red234\green44\blue85;
\red10\green10\blue10;\red0\green0\blue0;\red10\green10\blue10;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c21176\c21176\c21176;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c29020\c29020\c29020;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c70196;\cssrgb\c96078\c96078\c96078;\cssrgb\c3922\c3922\c3922;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;
\cssrgb\c19608\c45098\c86275;\cssrgb\c0\c81961\c69804;\cssrgb\c19608\c59608\c86275;\cssrgb\c70980\c70980\c70980;\cssrgb\c94510\c27451\c40784;
\cssrgb\c3922\c3922\c3922\c86275;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c84706;\cssrgb\c3922\c3922\c3922\c20000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\sa537\qc\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nisrulz/app-privacy-policy-generator#app-privacy-policy-generator"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs67\fsmilli33600 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 App\'a0
\f1\i Privacy Policy
\f0\i0 \'a0Generator\cb1 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf4 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Generate a generic Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions for your apps\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa280\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 Built with\'a0\cb1 \cb3 \'a0by\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nisrulz.com/"}}{\fldrslt Nishant}}\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nisrulz/app-privacy-policy-generator/graphs/contributors"}}{\fldrslt and contributors}}\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\qc\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=App%20Privacy%20Policy%20Generator%3A%20A%20simple%20web%20app%20to%20generate%20a%20generic%20privacy%20policy%20for%20your%20Android%2FiOS%20apps%F0%9F%98%8E&url=https://github.com/nisrulz/app-privacy-policy-generator&via=nisrulz&hashtags=Privacy"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 }}\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nisrulz/app-privacy-policy-generator#app-privacy-policy-generator"}}{\fldrslt \cb1 }}\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf5 \strokec5 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 Free privacy policy hosting + website for TxtRecognizer.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\fs18 \cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 Learn More
\fs32 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 \'a0
\fs18 \cf3 \cb8 \strokec3 Deploy
\fs32 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\partightenfactor0

\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf9 \cb3 \strokec9 Powered by\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://app.flycricket.com/r/nishant?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=website&utm_campaign=privacy_generator"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \strokec10 Flycricket}}\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs32 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 All Done!
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 Now sit back and choose the type of document you want to generate:\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf3 \cb11 \strokec3 Privacy Policy
\fs32 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 \'a0
\fs24 \cf3 \cb12 \strokec3 Terms & Conditions
\fs32 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf13 \cb3 \strokec13 The accuracy of the generated privacy policy and terms & conditions on this website is not legally binding. Use at your own risk.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf14 \cb3 \strokec14 Read the full Disclaimer here\cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 If you appreciate my work, consider\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.paypal.me/nisrulz/5usd"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \strokec10 buying me a cup of 
\f4 \uc0\u9749 }}\'a0to keep me recharged 
\f4 \uc0\u55358 \u56599 
\f2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb15 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb7 \strokec2 Privacy Policy\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf16 \cb17 \strokec16 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Privacy Policy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf5 \strokec5 Nir Leshem built the TxtRecognizer app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Nir Leshem at no cost and is intended for use as is.\cb1 \
\cb3 This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.\cb1 \
\cb3 If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.\cb1 \
\cb3 The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at TxtRecognizer unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Information Collection and Use
\f2\b0 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.\cb1 \
\cb3 The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.\cb1 \
\cb3 Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri200\sl360\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf10 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec10 Google Play Services}}\cf5 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Log Data
\f2\b0 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (\'93IP\'94) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Cookies
\f2\b0 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.\cb1 \
\cb3 This Service does not use these \'93cookies\'94 explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use \'93cookies\'94 to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Service Providers
\f2\b0 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri200\sl360\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf5 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 To facilitate our Service;\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 To provide the Service on our behalf;\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 To perform Service-related services; or\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Security
\f2\b0 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Links to Other Sites
\f2\b0 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Children\'92s Privacy
\f2\b0 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Changes to This Privacy Policy
\f2\b0 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.\cb1 \
\cb3 This policy is effective as of 2020-07-29\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Contact Us
\f2\b0 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at neil.leshem11@gmail.com.\cb1 \
\cb3 This privacy policy page was created at\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://privacypolicytemplate.net/"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \strokec10 privacypolicytemplate.net}}\'a0and modified/generated by\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \strokec10 App Privacy Policy Generator}}\cb1 \
}